hi everybody in this video I want to
talk about gazelle facts so gazelle is
any of many antelope species in the
genus gazelle or formally considered to
belong to it six species are included in
two genera a orcas and non-gear which
were formerly considered subgenera
and gazelles are known as swift animals
some are able to run at bursts as high
as 60 miles per hour on 97 km/h all run
at sustained speed of 30 miles per hour
or 48 kilometers per hour and gazelles
are mostly found in a desert grasslands
and savannas of Africa but they also
found in South West and Central Asia and
the Indian subcontinent they tend to
live in herds and will eat less course
easily digestible plants and leaves and
gazelles are rather small antelopes
which have hate of 61 to 110 centimeter
or two to 3.5 feet and the damaged
gazelle is the largest of the species
whose weight is about 190 pounds
and it's staring is about 42 inches high
and mass gazelles give birth to just one
phone but it is not uncommon for a
Kabir's gazelle to have twins gazelles
also use starting and when being chased
by predators it involves a high steep
ledge jump and it can actually slow the
gazelle down increasing their risk of
being caught on the other hand it gives
a signal to predators that a starting
animal is not worse person
and as a result hunting - gizelle can
stop there and lifespan of gizelle is
about 10 to 20 I'm sorry - 12 years
I'll sing sales art Mart for their
incredible grace Szell's are travelling
in hertz from 8 to 10 to 100 gazelles
don't need a lot of butter
they basically able to extract moisture
from the shoes grass and leaves they eat
micelles are known for being gentle
creatures the name gazelle comes from
the arabic gazelle the term for love
poems a mother gazelle will hide its
newborn calf in tall grasses for several
weeks after it's born okay and that's it
for gazelle facts if you loved this
video please take a moment and comment
share it with your friends watch other
videos about other animals on our
Channel and don't forget to subscribe to
our channel as well